"The Brainrot Virus" by Triggerhappy_

English

About this book:
This book is just a sketch of a story world... I am not profesional but i do like telling stories
So here is a story about a virus apocolips :)

the story is about a new modern and mistirius unknown virus called the brainrot virus.
all I can say without spoiling to mouth is that it changes a person...

this book contains:
Lots of vilonce,
Murder,
Death,
Blood,
And some caracters have mental insanity (no im not a caracter)


I hope you enjoy :)







"There once was a boy in a broken world"




Part 1 - The Nameless Boy

The boy woke up; his vision was blurry and his head hurt really badly.
"W~at ~~ yo~r n~~e" The boy looked confused around him. Where did that sound come from???
Where was he? After a while, his vision cleared a bit slowly, and he had his sense of direction mostly back.
Again the question came: "What is your name?" he heard now clearly.
He pointed his eyes to where the sound came from and saw a man in a long brown leather jacket sitting in a static white chair.
His vision was still a bit too blurry to see everything that was happening in the room, but he knuw one thing for sure: it was a lot of white.
He hadn't paid attention, so the man asked again, "What is your name, boy?"
The boy opened his mouth and was about to tell his name, only to realize he couldn't... he couldn't remember it.
The man saw his confused face and asked, "You have a name, right?"
"YES I DO!" said the boy, slightly irritated and confused.
Again he tried to remember his name, only to be interrupted by the man, who was now also slightly irritated.
"Well... WHAT IS IT?" he said forcefully. The boy said, "I~ I don't know..."
He tried his best to hold his tears in because he didn't want to cry in public, and he succeeded in that... kind of.
The boy became a bit confused and disoriented by this finding.
The man tried to calm himself, seeing that anger wouldn't bring him any further.
He said, "Okay... let's start from the beginning: What is the last thing you remember?"
The boy said fast, "I don't know," hoping to avoid the questions, but the man didn't fall for it and asked him to think really hard.
The boy did... They sat in silence for three full minutes. In this time his vision had cleared a bit more, and his head was less foggy.
He saw now clearly a man with brown hair and brown eyes sitting in front of him. His face looked awake and trustworthy... too trustworthy...
The boy asked, "Where am I?" The man became irritated and said, "HEY! I ask the questions," as if he was some kind of drill sergeant.
"I don't know... Well, a white light... but I don't know what it means... I'm sorry," said the boy fast and slightly intimidated.
"No need to be sorry," said the man friendly again, "-we're all here for you."
The boy looked confused and thought to himself, 'All here for you'??? 'All'???
He looked around and saw four scientists wearing lab coats and holding a noteblock with a pen.
He thought by himself, 'What if I'm some kind of lab rat'?!?! The boy's face turned from confused to scared.
The man saw this and said with an (obvious fake) nice voice, "*We're not going to hurt you, we're going to save you*."
The man looked like he couldn't believe what came out of his mouth and almost looked disgusted by it.
The boy was even more scared now, but the boy hadn't much time to think about that because one of the scientists walked over to the man and whispered something in his ear.
he tried to lip-read it, but the scientist covered his mouth so he couldn't.
The man looked sadder and sadder while the whispering continued... The scientist walked away.
The man sat there in silence, sad and thinking... He realized that the boy was looking and put on a fake smile, to make the boy feel comfortable—which didn't work... it only made him more uncomfortable.




Part 2 - the fight

The boy waited in fear, unsure of what was going to happen or what the man was going to say.
mininits passed without a word beeing spoken...
Then, out of nowhere, the man asked, “What do you think of social media and brainless content?”
What?! What a random question. Did he really mean to say THAT, or was it just a joke? the boy though
The boy looked at the man’s face, trying to read if it was a joke or a test,
But his face wasn’t focused on the question at all; he was trying to sign something.
The boy didn’t quite understand until the man almost mouthed it: “Brain~~~ co~nte~t ~s ~~~d” he read.
Clearly, everything took too long, and the man’s expression shifted from hintful to forceful.
In his drill-sergeant voice, he commanded, “ANSWER!”
The boy was scared again. He wasn’t sure if they were really going to help him… and the man’s emotions were as confusing as the questions.
In haste, he answered, “Brainless content is bad,” thinking that was what the man had mouthed.
But again, the man’s face changed—now slightly disappointed.
The man’s face wasn’t the only one that changed. All the scientists looked as if the boy had insulted them. They all started taking notes.
Something was wrong… very wrong.
For the first time, a scientist spoke up. “I think we’re done here.”
He looked a bit different from the others.
`Upper scientist`, the boy thought—but his focus quickly shifted back to the man.
Because the man started to panic, and before the boy realized what was happening, he felt four hands on him. Two scientists had grabbed him by the shoulders.
They were stronger than they looked. He tried to escape, but didn’t succeed.
Now the boy panicked too, as the scientists forced him toward the door.
What if they were going to dispose of him like a dead mouse—a failed experiment?
The man tried to help—maybe? It didn’t matter. Whatever his intention was, he was stopped by the upper scientist and another.
It was all very well organized.
Meanwhile, the boy screamed, “You’re hurting me!”
Quickly after that, the man screamed, “He is just a kid!”
But the man had disappeared from sight... The boy was out of the room.
In panic, the boy examined the hallway looking for something that could help him escape.
It was long very long, with many doors numbered like `Experiment 45`, `Experiment 30.` He had come out of the door labeled `Experiment 36`.
Everything was dressed in pure white, except for a red fire alarm halfway down the hall and at the end of it,
and the stem of a flower with white petals in a white vase on a small high white table. the flower looked dead...
He made an escape plan and thought he might run to… but then he heard a super loud sound. He was terrified.
In panic, he ran to a door labeled “Experiment 39” and hid behind it. He had no difficulty doing this because the scientists holding him also ran away.
He heard another loud bang—it sounded like a gunshot. To his shock, he heard something plof onto the ground, like a bag of sand.
It sounded like a body… He was disgusted by the thought that someone had died, but he couldn’t make a sound—or he might be next.
He heard hard, forceful footsteps coming from somewhere close to Experiment 36.
He heard another shot, then another plof, followed quickly by yet another shot—but no plof this time. Maybe a miss.
The fire alarm went off. The boy thought one of the scientists must have made it to the alarm.
But before he could get his hopes up, he heard one last gunshot and one last plof.
He tried counting the shots and plofs in his head, but there was no time to think—footsteps were coming straight for him.




Part 3 - The man

The boy was filled with fear… nowhere to go. He took one deep breath and covered his mouth with his hand.
Apparently, it still made a small sound, because the footsteps stopped.
They were waiting.
The boy waited, terrified, holding his breath… 10… 30… 50… He couldn’t hold it anymore.
He dramatically gasped for air.
To his horror, the door opened fast. He saw the man holding a gun. He was covered in blood… smiling at the boy.
The boy’s heart raced. He was still out of breath as tears burst from his eyes. He could barely slip out a trembling,
“Pl-please… don’t k-kill me…”
The man started laughing.
The boy was horrified. What kind of monster had he encountered?
Until the man, still half laughing, said,
“Kill you? Why would I kill you when I just saved you?”
Saved me? the boy thought.
This didn’t exactly look like saving — more like kidnapping. Or murdering.
The man saw how scared he was and went down on his knees to level with him.
“I’m sorry we had to meet this way,” he said. “You have no reason to trust me. But those scientists were going to kill you.”
“You’ll just have to trust me on that.”
The boy looked a bit less scared. If he just played along, he might survive. He didn’t have any other options.
“Boy, listen. You’re special. You may be the key to stopping the apocalypse. I’ll explain the rest on the way, but first we have to get out of here before more scientists come.”
The boy was now filled with curiosity. In his mind he repeated, I’m special? Why am I special? But he didn’t say anything.
They ran through the hallway. When they passed a door labeled Experiment 23, the man instructed,
“Follow this hallway to the end, then exit the building and wait in a gray jeep.”
He threw him the keys.
“I have to do something first,” he added, quickly entering a door marked Experiment 16.
The boy heard four more gunshots and ran harder toward the exit with each shot.
Outside the building, he looked around.
Gray jeep, he thought.
He found it. It was a pretty luxe jeep with some manual modifications. He unlocked it and sat in the passenger seat.
But quickly, his mind started racing.
What am I doing here?
He looked around — no mysterious man. Just an empty road.
Just drive away, he thought.
Then he corrected himself. He didn’t know how to drive.
Run away?
He couldn’t outrun a car. Or a bullet.
Hide?
He looked around. Not many cars. He’d be seen with just one drive around the parking lot.
Then he saw a small wall and quickly acted and exited the car- but the buildings door opened again.
Just what he feared.
The man was back.
He was going to die.
But wait… he wasn’t alone.
He was with a girl.
They were quite a distance away, so he couldn’t see clearly, but she seemed dressed in white.
For the first time, the boy looked at his own clothes and realized they were white too.
Lab rats, he thought again.
He had been so focused on everything that was happening, he hadn’t even noticed.
The boy re-entered the car.
When the girl came closer, he was stunned by her beauty.
Brown hair — like a calm forest.
Blue eyes — (Giv~ m~ t~~-) like diamonds.
“KEY!” the man commanded.
The boy snapped out of his thoughts and handed over the keys. He hadn’t even realized they had already entered the car. He was only thinking about the girl.
The man started driving. It was silent for a few corners.
When they entered the highway, the man spoke.
“You two look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Yes, because you just murdered people in front of us both, the boy thought. But he didn’t dare to speak up. The man still had the gun somewhere. Even without it, he looked like he could kill them both with his bare hands.
“It’s understandable,” the man added. “I owe you two an explanation.”
“Listen. There’s an apocalypse going on. And you two are very special. You are something we call ‘Enlightened.’ You may be the key to stopping it.”
“Those scientists work for the Brainrot Organization. They believe the Brainrot virus is the best thing happening for humanity.”
“But I work for the Resistance. We believe we can stop the apocalypse. Those scientists were going to kill you, and I had to blow my spy cover to save you both.”
The boy asked softly, “But how do we know you’re telling the truth? We don’t even know your name.”
The girl, who was more shy than the boy, agreed in silence.




Part 4 - The Resistance

-