"The Brainrot virus"

About this book:
this book is still far from beeing finished... its problebly very hard to read because of all the grammer and spelling mistakes...
but this is still just a sketch and if you dont like it your free to leave :)

its a zombie apocolips themed book but a bit more intence (in my opinion).
its a fiction about what if brainrot was a real virus
i think its like ment for adolts (if the grammer was okay :=)












There was once a boy in a broken world.


A man in a long brown leather jacket was sitting on a chair with a note block and a pen he said "Hello, And what is your name?" "I~ I don't know" said the nameless boy "what do you mean? You have a name right?" said the man
"yes.. but I can't seem to remember anything" said the boy "well can you tell me what you do remember?" Said the man "I- I remember a bright white light and then I was here" said the boy "strange... Do you think the white light stands symbol for something? Meaby a bigining 
 or a end? Or meaby a restart?" said the man
"I don't know.. I'm sorry" said the boy "no wurry it's fine, we're all here for you after all" said the man The boy looked around and saw 5 scientists in lab coats standing all holding a note block and a pen
The boy looked scared The man said with a confusing face expression "no wurry were not going to hurt you were going to help you"
The boy still looked confused and scared

One of the lab people walked up to the man
In the chair and wispered something in his ear the boy tryed to lip read but the lab guy offered his moutch. 
The man looked sad and forgot about the boy for a second after the second he shook up a fake smile to make the boy feel comfortable.
Then the man asked "what do you think of social media and brainless content" The boy looked shooked and confuced by the question "wh- what?!" "why—"
"just awnser!" said the man with a force full tone "I think it's just a waist of time" said the boy

All the lab guys took notes and wrote things some started to whisper to echader
The same lab guy from before walked again to the man in the chair and said "it's time"
The man in the chair said "no.. Please he's just a kid"

2 of the lab guys grabbed the boy forcefully
And forced him out the door the boy resisted and said "your hurting me!" he was in the doorway when all of the suden they heared a loud gun shot and then a plof the boy look behind him and was terified of what he saw the man in the brown jacket had shot one of the lab guys everyone was silance and frozen in place looking at him one of the lab guys ran to the body crying and trying to revive him a other said are you crazy how did you get that past the sucurity the 2 lab guys hiding the boy now ran to the man to grab him but another gun shot and now there were 2 lab guys dead and 3 left alive
They started to realise there situation the boy ran to an other room close to that one and hid behind the door he heared the alarms go on and then heared 2 gunshots fast followed by echader and then 1 late one

The boy was filled with fear and thought he was going to die for sure he heared slow steady footsteps coming his way trough the alarm sounds he holded his hand infront of his moutch and breathed one time deep in and holded his breath apparently that was to hard because the footsteps stopped he waited and waited untill he couldend hold his breath anymore and breathed and suddenly in a jump scare the door went open and there was the man

The boy bursted into tears and managed to slip out a "please don't kill me" the man laughed softly and nice and said "kill you? why would I kill you when I just saved you?, and besides I'm out of buluts" he laughed smiling the boy still looked frightened to the core of his body but a bit of curiosity in him.
The man said I'm sorry and you have no reason to trust me but I just saved your live ill explain on the way first we have to get out of here as fast as poseble

They ran trough the hallway the boy was still crying and confuced but he went with it Sinds he didend have any other choice the man said "follow this all way till the end and go outside and sit in the gray car and wait, I have to do something first" the man thruw his car keys to the boy the boy was even more confuced now
He ran to the end of the hall way and went to the gray car and unlocked it.

He thought why not just ride away but he realised he didend know how to drive then he thought about running away so he stepped out of the car and was planning to run away but before he could the man was holding a girl in white cloths also as confuced as he was only then the boy realised he was also in white cloths the man said to the boy get in the car the boy sat in front and the girl in the back seat the was man driving

They drove a view corners in dead silance then they went on the highway and the man said "you both look like you seen a ghost, but that's understandable so let me explain. Your both very special. In this modern world there is a virus called brain rot it kills your brain cells slowly and makes the infected person spread the firus to other people it doesn't kill anyone but it slowly turns you into a kindof zombie it starts with a adiction to screens than a short atansion span and it only gets worst from there... Then they start making brainrot themself to spread the firus and they become lazy and at the last phase they compleetly brainless so they go around killing others and eating there brain like zombies. The only cure is lecture but that's not realy practical it's not like your screaming math problems to a zombie while there trying to eat you hahaha... you 2 are one of the view that can still think logical we don't know moutch about it but we think the white light is a kindof gift of enlightment it happened to me too the siantest wanted to kill and eat your brain after they ran some tests but they didend know I was also enlight" they both looked like there soul left there body untill the boy said "what.... The... Fuck" "Hey! No cursing in my car!" the boy apologised fast.

The boy asked "but how do we know your telling the truth? We don't even know your name"
The girl agread in silance
"oh that's right, I apologise for that, I'm Daniel"
"but you both don't remember your name so I guess to keep things practical we have to find a name for you both right now"
Daniel looked at the girl and said "what do you think about Ash?"
She nodded yes
Daniel looked at the boy now and asked "And you Jack?" the boy shook his head no
"Than what about Cain?" asked the man
"I like it" said the boy— "but still, how do we know your telling the truth?"
Daniel said "oh yeah I forgot about that... Give me a min" he graved his phone and went to a weird app it seemed like a chat platform and he opened a video and gave the phone to Cain
Can sat to his side so that Ash could see it too
The video started with a logo a circle with in it a triangel and a star
Daniel said "me and my buddy's made it"
They saw all kind of examples of people getting dumer and dumer and the last part scared them they saw a human like zombie eating someone"
Daniel said "luckely not everyone is infected yet, we made a map of the arias where the most people are infected" he grabed a map and gave it to Cain he looked at it suprized it looked legit he gave it to Ash she also looked suprized.
"what's the plan?" asked Cain softly
Daniel said "well first we're going to ride to the group base of the enligted there we will discusted the plan" They were all silance

They arrived at the base and entered the building it was a high flat they entered the elivator Daniel pressed the highest button
The doors closed and the elivator went up

Daniel asked "are you two exited? Meaby a litle scared?... Understandable, the end of the human race is a bit scary" now they looked even more scared

The elivator door opened and they entered a kindof maze of work squeres and walls

A lot of defence was all around the place like spikes and chairs om there side all pointed to the elivator door Daniel showed them the way to the room

there were about ten other people in the room one was near a white board three were sciantests and six were in a haf circle form around the white board. among the six there were two girls three man and one woman. 
they added themself to the group and the haf circle

The man near the white bord said
"now that we're compleet we can start.
So as you all know the world is going to be flooded by brainrot as our very own scientest proved" he pointed at the scientests "we discovered a view phases" he grabbed a marker and started to drawl a colum on the white board "phase one, the user becomes adicted to brainrot" he drawled a stickman with a phone and wrote above it 'phase one' and under it 'adiction' "then the adict will have no patient" he drawled a clock with a stickman that looked angry and above it phase two and under it 'short atansion' "then they have an enorme erge to make brainrot themself for example by making ticktok or YouTube videos" he drawled a stickman dancing "then they become lazy and eat less and move less and they transform in a zombie looking human there still human but there brain has just stopped thinking" he drawled a stickman with a rotten brain "and phase 5 is just straight up murder" 
"the only cure as far as we know is just besic lecture but they have to understand it and it has to be many and if a zombie bites you youre instantly infected by the brainrot firus phase 5 also the firus slowly heals the host but they could still die but small woonds are slowly cured"
"so for example if your shot bitten and become a zombie you might just survive and become a zombie it depends on the shot wound"
"luckely the firus Is in its early phase he roles down a bit more advanced map with colors of red and orange and green and between he said "the red parts there are the most/wost infected and than the green parts the leest and best and so fort in between"
Cain moved his way through to see the map and saw where they were was already orange and all around the place was red

"So now the plan" the man next to the whiteboard said
"were serounded by red and soon it would get worst here so I suggest we go to a green zone there are 2 helicopters at the airport close to here Rady to go we will go t—" they heared a elivator ping curious everyone walked over there but Daniel told Ash and Cain to stay back
Everyone went to investigate They heared screems followed by a fast ratatatata of a mini gun Daniel said "get down fast" Cain and Ash both hid behind a white painted iron table and they saw someone get a full load of bullets
Daniel was shooked to see that that was there leader the one who explained the plan form earlyer Daniel said "fast go to the emergency exit!" Ash and Cain ran to the emergency exit the smashed the door open and becouse of that the buildings alarm system went on
They ran down the stairs and went outside They hid behind a wall close Cain told Ash to look behind him and warn him for danger while he was looking around the corner of the wall if Daniel came out the door. they waited for what felt like a eternaty they saw Daniel runing out of the building with two others a woman and a man Daniel was holding a big bag around his shoulder Daniel was looking confuced and was looking around him panicked then Cain walked to him from behind the wall and told Ash to folow. Daniel looked relieved and told them to get in the car the man and the woman took a other car Daniel was holding a walkitalkie and holded it up and said to Cain "a lot of cellphone towers are already down this way we can still communicate with the other car"

Daniel truw the bag in the back.
Daniel started driving and said "okey so we will still continue the original plan we will meet the other car at the airport and we will take the helicopter to a green zone. We will check in on the other car every half hour". 

the road was dead empty with sometimes a car hit to a tree or road light
Cain questioned himself why he didend notice that before 'the end of the world' untill he realised he couldend remember anything at all so that it was not realy his failt

For the first time Ash talked and asked softly "how long will the ride be?"
Cain was a bit shocked by her beutiful voice
"about 7 hours, we might have to stop for gas though" it was silance for a while but then Daniel said "it's a long ride so if no one els will brake the ice I will: Cain would you rather controle time or fly?"
Cain awnsered "I'd like to controle time, the world moves way to fast for me"
Now it was Cain's turn he'd asked Ash "would you rather have the ability to heal any damage/wounds by others but never by yourself or be invincible?"
Ash said "I would want to help others"
Now it was Ash's turn it took a while for her to come up with something but after a while she asked “Daniel… if you could erase one memory from your life, would you?" Daniel thoughed for a bit then awnsered "yes" eventho Ash and Cain both expected a full awnser with explanation it was still a valid awnser

after that it went silance for a while, untill a phone timmer went on and everyone wide awake again because of the sound Daniel said "it's time to contact the other car" he gave a walkitalkie to Cain, Cain grabbed it and pressed the button and said "car 1 to car 2, car 1 to car 2 over"... no response Cain pressed the button again "car 1 to car 2 do you respons?" Daniel Ash and Cain had a silance worried moment looking worulied at echader and Daniel said "try again" Cain pressed the button "car 2 do you respond?!, hello?!, helloooo!" Daniel grabed the walkitalkie and pressed the button "car 2 this is Daniel I'm not sure if you can hear me but we have to continue course, meet you at the airport. I repeat: meet you at the airport. Over!"
They continued the route but now a bit faster than before.

Resolting in that the fuel was almost empty
Daniel gave a map to Cain and said "can you look for a gas station close to us?" Daniel pointed at a place while half looking at the road and said "were here now" Cain looked for a while then said out of no where "left" Daniel made a sharp turn left Cain said "right" and Daniel turned right then finally they saw a sign saying gas station pointing left and Daniel turned left Daniel parked and filled the tank Ash rolled the window down in a panic and screamed "behind you" to Daniel and Daniel turned around fast and saw a agrasive person and emedeedly realised he was infected by the brainrot firus and kicked the brainless zombie-ish human he fell and got more angry and screamed hard and 2 other zombie-ish human ran fast outside the store to Daniel Daniel ran to the car, entered and closed the door one of the brainrotted was standing in front of the car despretly trying to get to Daniel and seeing Cain and Ash the brainrotted wanted to get in even more but Daniel drove full speed hitting the brainrot and they drove away they saw the other 2 brainrotted running after them but they couldend keep up with the car
They drove back on the high way and setted course back to the airport

A while later

Daniel woke Ash and Cain up, they fell asleep in the car Daniel said "wake up, we're almost there" they both woke up looking tired. The car stopped danial stepped out of the car and grabed the bag and truw it on the ground and told Ash and Cain to get out of the car. 
Daniel said "now for the risky part..." "and what is that?" Cain asked, Danial said "braking in" he opened the bag Ash and Cain looked scared they saw that the bag was full of wappons and ammo Daniel grabed two hand guns and said "only for when it goes wrong" he asked if they knuw how to use it and they both nodded yes and hid it in a pocket. Danial grabed more heavy guns and hid it under his jacket.

He gave the back to Cain and said "when I run follow me and take the bag with you" Cain said yes confused and everyone entered the car.
Daniel said "you may want to put on your seat belts for this part" and he went full speed they didend see where to but Daniel knuw the way.
Sudenly they heard a hard sound and rid through a fence... They were on the airport Daniel went full gas to a small building and stopped there he got out of the car as fast as he could while doing that he said "get out and follow me" he started running and ran the rest to the building Cain and Ash following him closely they heared a loud explotion and looked back
Daniel kicked in the door and signed with his hands to follow him but stay low they did Daniel grabed his gun and started to scan his seroundings all clear next he settet up a alarm by the door with some of the stuff that was in the bag he also made a fire in the midle of the room sindse the lamps are not wroking. and they finally had a rest Cain asked "how did you get that bag?" Daniel said "we have been preparing this for weeks but never were fully ready to go so I just grabed this bag when I was leaving the building" "it has everything we need... For 5 men so we will survive for a while with 3 (excluding the other 2)" they sat in the ground and Daniel grabed some food and water out of the bag and shared it
Cain asked "why did the car explode?" Daniel awnsered "missle lounchers, this place has tight sucurity but because most employers are infected by the brainrrot virus it was easy to enter via the front gate"

Daniel said "we will wait for the others one full day.
they talked a bit and then Cain and Ash fel asleep.
Daniel holded wait to make sure no enemies entered. he was used to almost no sleep. after all he had a bulble live. he was a spy for the brain rotted.
